this is better than my imagination this
is more than a dream come true without
the slightest bit of heads
what do you think you're doing well
holding towels comes to mind no one no
one gets in my way when I'm training you
could have broken my concentration
what's to concentrate on you put one
foot in front of the other and try not
to fall you've been warned Clements just
stay out of my way
I'm working on a very delicate
experiment its transducers are extremely
sensitive to sound all right
is there something wrong with your
throat doctor Ken perhaps I need elected
to make clear that any loud noise will
likely damage to the sensitive
transducers which you may recall me
mentioning only a moment ago
so what are you working on
when this device is placed in the ground
it will be able to to measure the most
might you get changes in the movements
of the Earth's surface so like it'll
know if someone's building a sandcastle
well no it can't do that but
it can detect the smallest fissure under
the Earth's crust through sound waves
and this information can help
seismologists predict the occurrence of
earthquakes months before they happen it
can do that but it can't tell if
someone's building a sandcastle
is there something you wanted there's
this guy at school who's giving me a
hard time because he's the track star
and I'm just the towel boy well he's no
better than you you just ignore him I
can't
hey great dr. J it works yes it worked
sorry look Andrew when I was a boy I had
a couple of guys giving me a hard time
too
they were the captains of the baseball
team they both swore they would never
pick me for their team were you that bad
I knew that one of them would have to
pick me and well after a while it got
dark and I went home well you must have
wanted to get even only for about three
years and and I forgot about it I want
to thank you for helping to bring back
that horrible experience in such a vivid
fashion anytime the point is I
discovered my interest in science I
built up my self-esteem and then those
guys could never get to me anymore I
can't even remember their names wow this
is very inspiring Andrew you have
talents too so just forget about this
kid Oh like you did uh gee thanks dr. J
don't mention it
Randy Collier Scott fixed
what a dweeb wait a minute
David Matthews may be fast but he
certainly is an ultra fast ladies and
gentlemen the main event in lane for the
fastest most attractive and most popular
guy at Briarwood Hawk Andrew Clemons
ladies ladies please in lane 3 the cruel
the stupid and the unpopular David
Matthews
tomorrow the forces of good will triumph
over the forces of stupid when the world
meets ultra junk they can't know I'm
ultra jock they'll just have to think
I'm naturally fast eight ninety nine
hundred in Wien five the fantastic
Andrew
too fast what a 9-5 not bad not good
enough
hey Dad how's my time well great if you
want to be a coach for the rest of your
life dad it's just practice no such
thing dad
hey coach what's up if I could try out
for the team and you are on the team
kick no I want to run
well thanks well we got enough slow guys
in the squad already Andrew you're good
Kaden but last year you came 30th into
time Charles and this year you came 29
now come on
exactly got a good attitude kid
keep it up huh okay you guys let's hit
the showers you smell like dope let's go
why can't you stay in your lane
I don't you have any morals for crying
out
come on kid bring it in let's go let's
go
how'd you get here
well today I took the bus but sometimes
no no no no no I mean how did you get
around the track so fast well I ran yeah
you've been holding out on me kid
well I have been working out real hard
listen tell you what when you come
dressed tomorrow ready for practice okay
thanks coach what should I wear surprise
hi oh hello mrs. Clemens
call me Stephanie please all right
Stephanie don't you want to know what
you can call me oh sure
Benjamin Benjamin isn't it great about
Andrew getting a chance to be in the
track team yeah I didn't hear anything
about that yeah apparently the coach is
very impressed with him he is huh 5:00
Benjamin bye Stephanie
hi guys this is gonna be fun huh
now I've been doing some reading and
they say the four hundreds of sprints I
don't know I think you should pace
yourself and then pour it on at the end
what do you guys think I think it's time
to see what you can do in a 400 again
your lines gentlemen I mean the guys
have been talking some strategy
I worry for nothing let me hold this for
you
Clements once you try this Lane here
alright gentlemen to your marks in lane
three said the hometown favorite go and
you Clemens you to Clemens
and a think they were gonna let me go
this what was that I don't know he just
came out of nowhere
well good you can use that excuse when
they're handing out scholarships nice
work kid
nice work you ready for that race next
week huh it's coach really fast oh I'm
sorry I shouldn't have smiled at you
like that no I meant you're running
you're really talented oh thanks you're
really a girl
this round will open up and suck us
right in my mom raised a girl can you
talk to me a real girl and I didn't have
to force her or anything
how did you win the race I crossed the
finish line first you know what I mean
little help from your friend Ultraman
more than a little help without him I
would have been dust exactly you can't
use your powers in that way I'm not
hurting anyone Andrew you made a solemn
vow to use your powers only when they
were needed they are needed you've got
all this dr. Jeff code I've just been a
kid and now I'm different I can finally
be a winner Andros
hey David good luck in the track meet
tomorrow
hi hi it's Andrew from the track I
remember well I haven't seen you for a
while with my brutal training schedule I
must take a lot out of you well not
everything
I was wondering what's your name
Cindy oh that's pretty where did you get
a name like that my parents gave it to
me
oh that's the best way yeah so did you
want to go out and see a movie tonight
or something sure I'd love to see you
movie but I have to ask my mom oh well
gee I don't know if I have enough money
for the three of us no I've does my mom
to see if it's alright three to go
I'm sure it will be Oh terrific I'll be
your house today
Andrew aren't you forgetting something
I meant my address
so what do you think
I think the fifth outfit was the best ah
their Ren this dates important to your
brothers so if you're gonna criticize it
should be constructive give it another
shot hey David what are you doing
comments I'm busy what are you doing
going out with a girl the night before
the race sure don't take this seriously
do you kidding I tried on six oh thanks
before this one the race is tomorrow
Clements oh yeah I'm really looking
forward to it
yeah well aren't you worried hey
whatever happens happens
I got this for you
oh you didn't have to do that yeah
you're right Wow
Thanks I thought it might bring you luck
it already has
well I better get going aren't you
forgetting something oh thanks for the
shirt no I meant
rewired them they were far too fragile
now I'm testing their sensitivity to
extremely loud never know what you might
find down there big meet us today I'd
really like you to come who's going to
run you or Ultraman well me with a
little help from ultraman then why
should I come why should they even have
a race it would mean a lot to me if
you'd come would mean more to me if
Ultraman didn't
we'll be competitors in the staging area
will the owner of the vehicle license
plate zero seven zero ckw please move
your car
we're gonna win today
Clemence guy really has me safe look
David been working too hard to blow it
now yeah yeah I'll see what I can get
see what you can do fine I took off work
to watch a kid see what he can do
runners take your marks get set
you more Ultraman
hey coach thanks hey kid oh you were
great great thanks man you ran a great
race okay thanks man it's our best time
ever you really pushed me that he wasn't
easy yeah CIRA terrific
you're terrific analyst
I'm glad you could make it me too as a
very difficult thing you did
I've got dates no no no I mean the race
yeah I thought it'd be better to let
Andrew run Andrew you have a lot more
powers than you think